AstarteE2E: update README.md (#863)
astarte-platform/astarte: tools/astarte_e2e/README.md

and published on [HexDocs](https://hexdocs.pm). Once published, the docs can
be found at [https://hexdocs.pm/astarte_e2e](https://hexdocs.pm/astarte_e2e).

## Environment variables

| Environment    |Required   |Default   |Description          |
| ---------------|-------------|--------|---------------------|

> | E2E_PAIRING_URL|&check;      |None    | https://api.astarte.example.com/pairing, Astarte URL for connecting devices|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| E2E_PAIRING_URL|&check;      |None    | URL of the Astarte pairing service, e.g. https://api.astarte.example.com/pairing|
```

| E2E_DEVICE_ID| &check;|None|An Astarte device ID, which is a valid UUID encoded with standard Astarte device_id encoding (Base64 url encoding, no padding).|

> |E2E_CREDENTIALS_SECRET|&check;|None|JWT, generate token with: `$ astartectl utils gen-jwt all-realm-apis -k your_key.pem`|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|E2E_CREDENTIALS_SECRET|&check;|None|Astarte Credentials Secret for the given device ID. You can generate one with `$ astartectl pairing agent register <device_id>|
```

> |E2E_CREDENTIALS_SECRET|&check;|None|Astarte Credentials Secret for the given device ID. You can generate one with `$ astartectl pairing agent register <device_id>|

Reviewer: My bad, I forgot a backtick:
```suggestion
|E2E_CREDENTIALS_SECRET|&check;|None|Astarte Credentials Secret for the given device ID. You can generate one with `$ astartectl pairing agent register <device_id>`.|
```

> |E2E_CREDENTIALS_SECRET|&check;|None|Astarte Credentials Secret for the given device ID. You can generate one with `$ astartectl pairing agent register <device_id>.|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|E2E_CREDENTIALS_SECRET|&check;|None|Astarte Credentials Secret for the given device ID. You can generate one with `$ astartectl pairing agent register <device_id>`.|
```

> |E2E_IGNORE_SSL_ERRORS|&check;|false|false|

Reviewer: Add description

> |E2E_IGNORE_SSL_ERRORS|&check;|false|Set ignore SSL errors to true when using HTTP protocol.|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|E2E_IGNORE_SSL_ERRORS|&check;|false|Whether the e2e test should ignore SSL errors when connecting to Astarte.|
```

> |E2E_APPENGINE_URL|&check;|None|https://api.astarte.example.com/appengine, Astarte URL for  gathering and sending data.|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|E2E_APPENGINE_URL|&check;|None|URL of the Astarte AppEngine service, e.g. https://api.astarte.example.com/appengine|
```

|E2E_REALM|&check;|None|Realm name.|

> |E2E_JWT|&check;|None|The Astarte JWT employed to access Astarte APIs. The token can be generated with: `$ astartectl utils gen-jwt <service> -k <your-private-key>.pem`.|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|E2E_JWT|&check;|None|The Astarte JWT employed to access Astarte APIs. It should have at least claims for Pairing and AppEngine. The token can be generated with: `$ astartectl utils gen-jwt <service> -k <your-private-key>.pem`.|
```

|E2E_CLIENT_MAX_TIMEOUTS|&cross;|10|The maximum number of consecutive timeouts before the websocket client is allowed to crash. Defaults to 10.|
|E2E_FAILURES_BEFORE_ALERT|&cross;|10|The number of consecutive failures before an email alert is sent. Defaults to 10.|
|E2E_MAIL_TO_ADDRESS|&cross;|None|The comma-separated email recipients.|
|E2E_MAIL_FROM_ADDRESS|&cross;|None|The notification email sender.|
|E2E_MAIL_SUBJECT|&check;|None|The subject of the notification email.|
|E2E_MAIL_API_KEY|&cross;|None| The mail service's API key. This env var must be set and valid to use the mail service.|
|E2E_MAIL_DOMAIN|&cross;|None|The mail domain. This env var must be set and valid to use the mailgun service.|
|E2E_MAIL_API_BASE_URI|&cross;|None|The mail API base URI. This env var must be set and valid to use the mail service.|
|E2E_MAIL_SERVICE|&cross;|None| The mail service. Currently only "mailgun" and "sendgrid" are supported. This env var must be set and valid to use the mail service.|

### Required Environment before runing project

``` bash
export  E2E_DEVICE_ID="Device ID"
export  E2E_PAIRING_URL="Paring URL"

> export  E2E_CREDENTIALS_SECRET=""

Reviewer: ```suggestion
export  E2E_CREDENTIALS_SECRET="astartectl pairing agent register <device_id>"
```

export  E2E_IGNORE_SSL_ERRORS="true"
export  E2E_APPENGINE_URL="Appengine URL"
export  E2E_REALM="Realm name"

> export E2E_JWT="astartectl utils gen-jwt <service> -k <your-private-key>.pem"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
export  E2E_JWT="astartectl utils gen-jwt <service> -k <your-private-key>.pem"
```

export  E2E_MAIL_SUBJECT="Message"
```

## Astarte Interfaces

> ### You need install this two interfaces before running Astarte E2E.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### You'll need to install these two interfaces before running Astarte E2E.
```
